Oh, Miss Qi
It's all a misunderstanding
It's all a misunderstanding.
Let's talk about it.
If it weren't for Qin Yu adding oil and vinegar in front of me
Old man, I won't cause today's disaster
Crazy all crazy
suddenly disappeared
My Qin family will send you money every year.
Help you refine pills
You won't help me now
To help this porter's waste
Don't lie to you about that broken money.
If it weren't for your Qin family claiming to donate money and sit in a good deed
I teach
How can I possibly be your backer?
Qin Shao
I will only speak for you as soon as I believe in you.
I didn't expect you to take my name
Do evil outside
I see the Qin family from now on
Don't have any more contact with us
And you've gone too far.
Wait for me.
Isn't he just a mere master?
I have a bigger backer behind me
You just wait.
Let him kill them one by one
Big backer talking about today
The Temple of Heaven Mountain is surrounded by obstacles
Maybe there is some big demon at work